Update docs on context expiries (#136)
cartesia-ai/docs: fern/api-reference/contexts.mdx

To finish a context, just set `continue` to `false`. If you do not know the last transcript in advance, you can send an input with an empty transcript and `continue` set to `false`.

> <Note>Contexts automatically expire 1 second after the last output has been streamed out. Attempting to send another input on the same context ID immediately after expiry has undefined behavior.</Note>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<Note>Contexts automatically expire 1 second after the last audio output is streamed out. Attempting to send another input on the same context ID immediately after expiry has undefined behavior.</Note>
```
